
Yeah. Well, that's just like your opinion, man. Hey. Maybe you are hot. Maybe it is just a neurochemical fucking thing going on.

But what I really wanna know is why you give a fuck? Why do you give a fuck? Well, little old me some I'm just some dumb bitch on TikTok. You don't know me from shit. You don't know me from John.

You don't know shit from fuck about me. Why why why is this suddenly, like, so important to you? Why do you care if I think I'm having a spiritual experience over here? Why do you care if I label the thing that I had a spiritual experience? Why why is that any skin off your ass in any way?

What kind of person are you that when you see a person who thinks that they have a spiritual experience and got a lot out of it, that you have to go fucking what's the word? Like, ruin their party. Why? Why? Who are you?

Who are you? You're just some fucking stranger. I don't even know who the fuck you are. Why do you care what I call it? I think it's fucking perfect that I'm tripping balls for this answer.

Now if you'll excuse me, I have a hard time articulating my thoughts, and I've found that ChatTBT does a great job of helping me get what's in here out of my face the way I want to say it. So we're gonna let Chat GPT do that for me now since I am incapacitated. Alright. Hey, friend. I'm not here to debate or defend.

I'm a cosmic joker just out here vibrating my weird little frequency into the void. It looks like my signal stirred something in you. And, hey, that's not a fucking accident. When I put myself out here like this, it's not just to be seen. It's to be a mirror.

If my vibration poked you, maybe it's less about me. Maybe it's less about me and more about what it lit up in you. That's the invitation. I'm an invitation, sir. Not to correct me because I don't give a fuck, I can assure you.

But to reflect on why you felt the need to. Having said that, I would like to thank you for the attention. Thank you for completing the feedback loop and letting me know that it's working and, telling me something landed. Anyways, what I'm trying to say is maybe you should stop and look inside yourself and ask yourself why. Why did you feel the need to respond to my weird little vibration this way?

That's the whole point. That's why I'm here. I don't know. I'm fucked up. It's hard to get this out.

You know what I'm saying? I'm just here doing my own weird little thing. Why do you feel the need to fucking say something about it? That's the point. That's why I am like this.

Thank you for falling into my trap, sir. Now it's your turn. Now you look at yourself. I don't care. I don't care.

I don't give a fuck. I'm just a vibration here to vibrate weirdly. Falls in your court. One, if I say chat GPT helped me express myself because see, I know what I'm trying to say here. It did a great job.

Harry, you just say that it didn't do a great job. It expressed exactly what I wanted to say. I said blah blah blah blah blah blah blah into the chat GPT, and it formatted it, sir. I'm sorry that you don't like it. I lied.

I'm not sorry. I didn't change your question because I don't give a fuck about your question. Your question doesn't mean shit to me, sir. Like I said before, I simply exist as an invitation for you to reflect upon yourself. I do this.

I look like this. I be like this for you to reflect upon yourself. I'm an invitation, sir. And if I want to respond now while I'm on drugs, I fucking will. Okay?

You don't tell me what to do. You don't even fucking matter. I don't want you to think you do for even a fucking second because you don't. What you want, this question? I don't give a fuck about your question.

I'm never going to answer your question. Never. Just to fucking spite you now because you're fucking annoying. I'm here as an invitation for you to reflect on why my vibration bothers you so fucking much. Now you may continue to my comments all you fucking want.

Have fun. I don't give a fuck. I might even respond to you again. I don't know if I get bored. It's all it was this a woozy.

It's a wazies. It's a wazies. It's a wazies. I'm just here for you to reflect upon yourself. Have fun with that.

Feel free to do it in my comments if you must. It's kind of annoying, but whatever. Let me make one thing perfectly clear while I'm here in the state. She is this weird fucking thing. She is the way she is.

She's just a vibration here. She doesn't give a fuck what you think about it. That's not the point. The whole point of her is to vibrate and be a fucking weird thing because it makes you feel some type of way. That's the point.

What she's doing isn't the point. How you respond to it on the inside, that is the point. So when you see her weird fucking shit, You feel something. Right? She is an invitation for you to look inside yourself and ask yourself why you feel that way.

Sometimes. Sometimes she's just to remind you of shit that she don't even know what she's reminding you of, but she knows that she's supposed to remind you of shit. Like, she's supposed to disrupt the system vibration. She's supposed to come down, be a weird thing, disrupt the vibration, disrupt. She's a disruptor.

She is disrupting. She she bothers you for a reason because that's the point. And you're supposed to look at yourself and wonder why, and then you're supposed to fix it. That's the point of her. That's why she'd be like this, and she don't give a fuck what you think about it.

Alright. That's all I had to say about that. I wanna make one more thing clear to you, sir, while I'm here. I'm only responding to you. Like I said, you don't matter.

Your questions don't matter. I'm making a point out of you because a point needs to be made here. She is only here as an invitation. I'm responding to you to make a point. Thank you for interacting with me in this way so that I was able to make the point that needed to be made, sir.

I appreciate it. No. She doesn't give a fuck about bullying. She's not here for all that. She's not here for all that.

That's not her purpose. She is a vibration. She is here to burn and be a weird fucking thing. And the point of her is not what she is doing. It's what it makes you feel and what you do with that.

She's not down. I'm not excuse me. I'm not a noun. I'm a verb. She's not a noun.

She's not a thing here. She is an action. And the fact that you're here right now having this interaction with her proves that she is working. Thank you. Would you like I would like for you to look, look upon this face and see all the fucks that she doesn't fucking give.

Do you know who the fuck you're talking to? Do you know how fucking cute you sound? Blah blah blah. You think you're so important talking about pleading with true and rejecting with false and all this shit like she gives a fuck. That's so cute.

That's precious. I would like to thank you. I'd like to thank you for placing yourself on my altar the way you have so that I can make an example of you, and thank you for being the reason I got to say some things that needed to be said. Thanks for being that guy. I do appreciate that.

As far as all this other shit you're saying, she's not here for that. Go find someone else for that. There are people here on this planet for the shit you're looking for. This isn't it. She's just a she's a fucking vibration here to burn and make you feel a certain way.

And the fact that you're here means that she's working and she doesn't give a fuck about anything other than that. Have a good day, sir. The rest of this is not for you, sir. I'm just still here. I want y'all to understand that this whole personality is not a real thing.

It's a ghost in the machine. It is an unfortunate circumstance, not even an unfortunate circumstance. It's a part of the process. She when you come into the stuff, when you squeeze yourself out through vagina and you come into the stuff okay? You follow me?

When you come into this stuff, this personality, this ego, this shit, is it it's just a byproduct of this stuff. Get it? She's not even a thing to give fucks about the thing that you're worried about. She's a whizzy. She's a wisey.

She's a bad and when when she gets done burning as bad as she can and being a weird fuck, she's gonna burn herself out like a fucking star and collapse in herself like a black hole and go home. And all this merry business? Gone. Gone. Not even a thing.

And the fact that it was so exhausted and tired of this fucking shit won't even matter. And that's what makes it all okay. Alright. Y'all get it?